[Docs][7/N] KV Indexer (#1143)
llm-d/llm-d: docs/wip-docs-new/architecture/README.md

> In addition, the EPP can also query "consultant" components which can execute arbitrary scoring logic, enabling more sophisticated patterns. For more details on example "Consultants", see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should your use case require it, the EPP can optionally query 'consultant' components to execute arbitrary scoring logic and enable advanced patterns. For more details on example "Consultants", see:
```
